---
layout: default
title: CS220
nav_order: 99
has_children: true
permalink: /docs/cs220
---

# CS220 modules at Essex
This page informs you about how to use this website for the CS220 modules run at the University of Essex's Interdisciplinary Studies Centre (ISC) that resides in the School of Philosophy and Art History (SPAH). In essence, there are two modules; CS220AU for the Autumn term and CS220SP for the Spring term. If your module code is CS220FY, then FY means 'full' and you enrolled in both, the AU and SP modules.

* Module supervisor: [Dr Krisztián Hofstädter](https://krishofstadter.com/) 
* Any questions? Email: k.hofstadter[at]essex[dot]ac[dot]uk  <!-- can I change this to krishofstadter? -->
* Academic Support Hours (ASH): Fridays 2–6 in 6.144  (need to sign up via email)
* URL link to this website can be found on the module's [Moodle](https://moodle.essex.ac.uk/) page

## Timetables
### CS220AU
Group 1: Fri 12–2pm in IT Lab I 3.402   
Group 2: Fri 4-6pm in IT Lab J 4SB.4.14

We have two-hour sessions in weeks 2–7, 9–11. 

Week 8 is reading week (no classes).

## Your cohorts
We have different skills. 

There are first, second, third year and overseas students here. 

Some of you study:
- psychology
- philosophy
- media and digital culture
- art history
- European studies
- criminology and American studies
- global studies with business management
- psychology
- sociale change
- modern history
- sociology

What might be the advantages and disadvantages of having such a wide range of interests mixed into one class?

## The main differences between the AU and the SP modules

| .            | AU     | SP |
|--------------|-----------|------------|
| seminars/workshops | mainly Kris (guests TBC)      | mainly guests (+ Kris sometimes)   |
| asssessment form    | website | PDF        |
| research question     | more flexible | less flexible |

One difference between L4 and L5 submission is word count.

Module guides for more detail [here](/../../assets/docs).